docs: udpate docs and blogpost for deploy enhancements (#5350)
aws/copilot-cli: site/content/docs/commands/deploy.en.md

```console
$ copilot deploy --init-wkld --deploy-env=false --env prod --name backend
```

Deploys all local, initialized workloads in no particular order.
```console
$ copilot deploy --all --env prod --name backend
```

Deploys multiple workloads in a prescribed order (fe and worker, then be).
```console

> $ copilot deploy -n fe/1 -n be/2 -n worker/1

Reviewer: in this case, are `fe` and `worker` parallel, or just in no particular order but both before `be`?

Reviewer: Nvm. Found the answer to my question in your other PR!

Reviewer: Is there validation on the numbers passed in with flags?

Reviewer 2: I think the "validation" is when we try to convert the string to int. If the user passes `fe/s` it'd fail during the conversion. Other than that I don't think we do any additional validation - is it needed though?

```

> Initializes and deploys all local workloads after deploying environment changes.

Reviewer: What do you think about this? Because it could be the initial deployment....
```suggestion
Initializes and deploys all local workloads after (re)deploying the `prod` environment.
```
